Hahahahaha, it's coming, hahaha stop.
Speak quietly
Just no good days
Not coming.
I do not
Does that mean you have controlled Nangong Ye?
Did I see a ghost, grandma?
How could Nangong Ye come over?
You agreed to help me
As a result, he even ran away in a low voice
So what if you come?
You can catch them all in one go.
Don't you hate sad nights the most?
If he dies unexpectedly today
You have no competition.
What's coming at me?
Hello Fang Guan
A drama of a hero saving beauty
I'm about to cry
Well, he can always.
You kneel on the ground
Give me three kowtows
You give me enough for the rest of my life
It's not a waste of pretending to be dead
What are you still doing?
Who punched Nangong Yue?
I gave him 100,000
For the rest of your life, you said that your aunt killed your mother
What evidence do you have?
evidence
The name Nangong Sheng
Is it enough?
Nangong Sheng